Marketers who don't use Cloud Code are
going to be absolutely cooked. But if
you do learn how to use Claude Code,
you're going to be way ahead of other
marketers. You're going to make way more
money for your business, guaranteed.
This is your command center that's going
to allow you to do things. You're going
to have superpowers that you didn't have
before. So, let's get into it.
So, first and foremost, what I want to
call out here is that when people talk
about agents, it seems like this
nebulous thing, right? But what you can
see over here where my cursor is is I
have this AB test orchestrator sub agent
over here where basically the objective
for this agent is to come up with
different AB test ideas right so you can
see over here data analysis and
hypothesis generation that's your job
test design and deployment test
monitoring and analysis reporting and
knowledge management operational
guidelines and output format right and
it says when working on a task always
ask for access to relevant G4 so Google
Analytics and Google search Google
search console data or reports. Clarify
the business goals and key metrics
before propo proposing hypothesis. Be
transparent about statistical
limitations and require test durations.
So this is beautiful over here and this
is a sub agent that was created and you
think it might be very complex to create
this. I'm going to show you how you can
do this in a second, but you can see
it's it's very straightforward. You're
an expert AB testing strategist and data
scientist specializing in conversion
rate optimization through systematic
experimentation. You excel at
transforming analytics insights into
actionable test hypothesis and managing
the complete testing uh life cycle.
Right? So, I'm actually going to show
you one of the things that you can do
here. So, this is here's one of the AB
test orchestrators over here. This is
just me playing around with it, right?
And so, some of the ideas that I'll come
up with over here, I was messing around
with it and it said, okay, let's say
it's it's scanned through your website,
okay? And it figured out that one of
your core goals is to get free
consultations for your business or more
leads ultimately. So, then it figures
out, okay, well, it seems like you have
a big your conversion rate sucks with
this modal. So, we have this modal on
our website that doesn't convert that
well. Okay, so only 248 conversions out
of 71,000 opens in the last 30 days or
so. So it's saying, hey, target
improvement here is 40%, let's let's
let's do that. Let's get it from 0.35%
to 49%. And let's get a sample of 89,000
model motoral opens per variant. So test
duration here is 14 days. Okay,
basically it's saying, hey, let's go
ahead and change the model to this.
Let's simplify it. And this is one of
the tests over here. I didn't really
give it much of a spec. I I mean, I
basically dictated this out using Super
Whisper, which is the tool that I use to
dictate. And then it it pulled this
super agent or this sub agent over here.
And it came up with this idea. And then
here's a couple other ideas over here.
And in fact, what's going on right now,
we're not implementing this idea, but we
are implementing one of the ideas that
it came up with the other day. But this
is just an example of high leverage that
you're going to get where it can quickly
analyze your data, figure out what your
goals are, and then determine, okay,
here's the hypothesis, here's the
outcome that we're looking for, and
here's how long it's going to take. So,
I didn't need to dictate that overall,
right? And there's a lot more that goes
into this. It actually came up with
ideas around impact, confidence, ease in
terms of scoring and prioritizing
different ideas that it has. And again,
I didn't ask it to do that. It was it
naturally behaved as a CRO scientist,
right? And so this is an example of of
what you can do. And let me show you.
I'm going to give you another one over
here. So we have this SEO conversion
optimizer over here. And it basically
created a programmatic SEO page for me
here. And so what I had actually done
was I said, "Hey, this is what one of
our programmatic landing pages looks
like. Can you make a page following this
format for B2B marketing automation?"
So, it actually drafted it out over here
and it does seem to follow the structure
of that page. Now, imagine you as an
ideas person, you as a marketing leader,
or even you as a founder, if you want to
get something done really quickly, you
can push it to maybe one step before
production, but you can get it right
there. You can review it very quickly
and have your team move a lot faster.
And so, ultimately, we're going to be
able to to to create things a lot
faster. We're going to be able to move a
lot faster. And and that's the beauty of
this, right? I think with this this sub
agent over here, it actually hooked in
with Href's MCP, too. So the the SEO
tool and we're just looking at trending
upward content that doesn't necessarily
have a lot of volume and pull the
keyword difficulty as well and give me a
future score and it justified why why
it's good, right? And so there's some
good stuff in here that we might want to
go after such as like let's say I don't
know um some some type of B2B keywords,
right? Or LLM personalization,
personalized B2B marketing automation.
Maybe there's there's not volume for it
right now, but there is going to be
volume for it, right? And so but the
main thing here is that I have the
strategist that's working for me and
this is the SEO conversion optimizer.
And so this this one over here, and by
the way, if you leave a comment um
saying prompts, we'll leave the prompts
for these these different um these
different sub aents that we have. And
there's there's actually a list of 12
marketing sub aents that I think are are
really important. There's like there's
one that's going to be for content
repurposing, which I'm going to make
with you for a second. So stay till the
end. But this one over here, so you are
an expert SEO strategist and conversion
optimization specialist with deep
expertise in analyzing search data to
drive business outcomes. Your primary
focus is identifying keyword
opportunities that balance search
potential with conversion likelihood
specifically for service-based
businesses seeking consultation
submissions which is my business right
so I got single grain I got carrot
that's the the the software um so
they'll take a look at GSC Google search
console Google analytics hfs to create a
comprehensive view and you can continue
to adjust these prompts over time if you
want to um but this is just what it came
up with right and so why I say it's
important for you to figure out how to
use cloud code so I'm in cursor right
now but I am using cloud code cloud code
actually allows you to create these sub
aents And then cursor allows you to hook
in these MCPs. So MCPs allow an ID like
a cursor to talk to different apps that
you have. So for me, what and I've kind
of listed some of these over here
because you don't want to want want too
many of these running at the same time,
otherwise it's going to slow it down.
But HFS is important because SEO is
important for us. G4, HubSpot's
important for us. Appify or API,
whatever you want to call it for for
powerful research and scraping. So I'm
actually going to show you how I look at
competitors in a second in terms of the
ads that they're running. Gong is
important for us for sales intelligence.
Zapier if you want to hook in other
things. We're actually going to have the
the the CEO of Zapier on the on the pod
on my YouTube channel relatively soon.
So that's uh leveling up with Eric Sue.
You can check that out. Just look at it
this way. If you have a lot of ideas as
a marketer or a founder or some type of
leader, you have way more leverage now.
There's no excuse for you just not to
get things done faster. And then the
thing is if you know how to do this and
let's say you're a founder of the
company, imagine if you taught your
entire team how to do this. How much
faster are you going to do? In fact, I
ran this for Chat GBT. I said I said,
"Hey, Chach GBT, you know, as a founder,
am I supposed to even be doing this
right now? Like, this seems like, you
know, this seems like uh something
somebody else should do this, right?"
But I thought about I was like, "Well,
if I learn how to do it and then we
teach the entire team how to do it,
that's extremely high leverage." And
Chad TBD rated it 1 through 100, 97 out
of 100. And obviously, you know, Chat
GBD can can be very uh can be a people
pleaser. But, um, I do think it's a very
high leverage thing you can do if you're
watching this right now and if you're a
leader, it would be a disservice to your
company to not have your team figure out
how to do this. It's like if they can be
five 10 times faster, why wouldn't you
do that, right? So anyway, I'm going to
show you how to make one of these sub
agents right now. So um again, I'm in
cursor. I'm going to hit run claude code
over here. And then I'm just going to
simply type in agents. Okay, so this
will activate the sub agents. I'm going
to make a new agent with you real time
right now. Okay, and I'm going to
generate with claude. This you can make
the prompt manually yourself or you can
generate with claude. And I'm actually
going to dictate it out right in front
of you all right now. And so again, I'm
using super whisper and I'm going to I'm
going to mention what I want to do. We
want to have the ultimate content
repurposing agent. And we want this to
pull from my long- form YouTube videos,
especially my podcast that are long
form, maybe 30 minutes, maybe they're an
hour, sometimes they're 90 minutes or
so. And I want you to pull the best
possible moments. And I want you to give
me four hooks for each viral piece of
content. And I want you to score each
concept one through 100 in terms of the
virality potential. And then I want you
to write the body copy, too. I want you
to do this for X. I want you to do this
for LinkedIn. And I want you to write
the captions for short form video. That
being Tik Tok reels and YouTube shorts.
And I also want you to write a
newsletter post for this piece as well.
That's what I want you to create. I want
a content repurposing sub agent. And I
want you to pull from different podcast
or YouTube links that I'm putting in or
maybe even podcast links that I'm
putting in and or even content that I'm
sharing. And I want you to repurpose for
each channel. So, you know, if it's
coming in from X, then I want you to
repurpose it for LinkedIn and maybe
repurpose it for a short form ideation.
And if it's coming in from a long form
video, YouTube, then I want you to
repurpose it for the other channels and
and then kind of uh, you know, have it
be interchangeable. Okay. So, I just
dictated that out. It looks like it just
came out. So, I'm going to hit enter.
And it's generating this agent now. So,
it's it's really not that hard for you
to create a sub agent. It's it's not as
scary as you think it actually is. And
the prompts that it actually creates is
is pretty damn good already. So, we're
going to run this for the first time.
So, while while we let this one create,
I'm actually going to show you another
piece. If we take a look at this is
using the Appify or API. In this case, I
actually had it scrape Google Ads to
look at Google Ads library. And you can
obviously just open up Google's ads
library if you want, but I'd rather just
work within a terminal. And so, in this
case, I did this for fun, but podcast
host Neil's over here. You got Power
Digital, you got Tenuity, you got Seir
Interactive. Again, I don't look at all
these as direct competitors, but I
wanted to see what they're running from
a paid ad standpoint. As you can see,
for Google Ads, Tenuity is running 42
paid keywords, roughly driving 4,300
visitors a month. I think this is
pulling from hrefs or maybe just maybe
just amplify scraping it. I'm not sure.
And they're they're estimating they're
spending 1,700 a month. They're driving
them to nine landing pages. Power
digital 63 keywords, 1300, 1505, and
then three pages. But it does show you
tenuity. Here's what's happening right
now. So, primarily they're driving them
to the services page and then they're
going for marketing agency, Amazon,
digital marketing, 2B ads. Um, so it
shows they're going after streaming TV,
right? Amazon and geographic focus might
be Los Angeles. Not 100% sure. You're
going to have to do more analysis there.
And then these are the pages being
advertised. But with Power Digital, I
like their approach because it's it's
very focused. And so they are going for
digital marketing agency near me.
Digital marketing agency Los Angeles.
Heavy focus on local search plus lead
magnets. Los Angeles market. And then
growth plan landing page. That's one.
And then um they have a CMO guide which
is lead magnet. Right? So that's what
I'd say. You can also have this happen
for meta. You can do this for LinkedIn
as well. And so by Amplify can scrape a
lot of different things, but you know by
by showing you this, this is just
actually just one of the MCPS and it's
it's actually not one of the agents over
here. Okay, so by the way, this agent
just finished building. Okay, so I'm
going to say I want it to have access to
all tools and I'm going to continue. And
then this one is around content
creation. Maybe I'll have it be green.
Content repurposing strategist. Okay, so
agent has access to all the tools. Now
I'm going to play around with this. And
so maybe what I do now is I make a new
instance. Okay. And then what I'm going
to do is I am going to pull up one of my
YouTube videos. Give me one second over
here. So YouTube and then I'm going to
pull from leveling up which is one of my
YouTube channels. Go out there and
subscribe. I'm going to pull from this
one over here. That was it's it's a long
form that I did with Neil from Marketing
School. I am going to open up cursor
again. So, I'll say I want you to use
the content repurposing strategist agent
to repurpose this YouTube long form
podcast. And then you can see I just
pasted it. And then now you have it
working. And while I have it working, so
you can see it's it's thinking over
here, which is beautiful. Maybe I'll let
it think. And by the way, I have all
these other things. Monthly HubSpot
analysis, monthly gone call breakdown.
And then they can break down how we've
been trending with conversions or who we
should be following up with, what are
the neglected leads, what are some other
strategies we should be going after. Um,
all that stuff adds up. And so right now
this, by by the way, so what's happening
here is the content repurposing agent
isn't among them. So sometimes it takes
a while. Final step, I didn't confirm
it, right? So now I just confirmed it.
I'm going to try it again. Let's try
again. I forgot to activate the agent.
Okay. While we let that work, I'm going
to take a look at uh so we looked at the
competitor's current LinkedIn content
optimization. Okay, let's take a look at
this one. So, this one is it's I
actually had a prompt initially that
asked it to show me the content that's
being cannibalized, right? And so, maybe
it's not maybe it's not here, but I do
have one around content being
cannibalized. Um, but we'll leave that
alone for now. And then here, what I'm
actually trying to do, you're going to
be able to get this to a point where you
can have the AB test be pushed to
Verscell and or you can have it pushed
to your your your CMS. So you can
basically get it to 90% there or you can
deploy it yourself if you want to, but I
prefer to have a human in a loop in
these situations. But in this case over
here, these are some of the ideas. Yeah,
what I showed earlier, like these things
can be deployed, but I I want to take it
to the next step. And so what I would
recommend here is that you could go to
Upwork and find someone who's really
good with cursor and cloud. If you're
good with cursor, you probably know how
to figure out cloud code. hire this
person and then have have them be your
tutor. And so that that's literally what
I have happening right now. And it's
been a good use of my time because they
can set up cloud code for me and then
what you can do afterwards. And whenever
you run into a block or what I do is I I
just record a Loom video and then I go
ahead and I I I send it to them. Right?
If you're struggling with B2B marketing,
you've got to check out Carrot. Carrot
allows you to personalize your LinkedIn
ads in minutes, not weeks. It also
allows you to create personalized
landing pages and you also have
influence pipeline reporting that will
show you exactly if your B2B campaigns
are performing. If you want to get on
the carrot weight list, all you have to
do is go to carrot.ai to learn more.
Join us on the crusade to make B2B
marketing easier. Let's see if this
repurposing thing is working. Okay, it's
working. Okay.
Okay, perfect. Found the agent. Okay.
Okay, so if looks like it has the wrong
video over here, but let's see if it
found the the right thing. whistleblower
revelation moment. Top viral moment.
Okay. So, what needs to happen here is I
would actually go to this uh the agent
and try to refine the prompt because
it's not working on um it's not working
off the right video. So, let's try to
repurpose this one. You can see how
quickly you can make these these sub
aents. And then one, you're going to get
your analysis done a lot faster. I can
hook it in with my QuickBooks. I can
hook it in with my Stripe. I can hook it
in with um other other tools out there.
I can hook it in with the I think
there's a Clay MCP, too. So, I can have
it prospect for me. I can have it help
with recruiting. You can email those
people, too. I can have it message
people on on LinkedIn. I can probably
have it text people, too. So, you decide
how complex you want to you want to make
it um and and go from there. But look, I
it turns out so I I put the the right I
just linked again and then this time
it's it's working through the video.
Okay. See? So, it's it's figuring out
its own way of of getting through it.
Give me the three most uh key moments
such as blah blah blah. Who's your
target audience? Okay, great. Which
approach works best for you? So, I'll
I'll I'll play around with this, but I
think that's good enough for for this
video. I think if you wanted maybe
there'll be a part two for this video.
So, there's going to be a part two. But
if you're interested in the prompts,
leave a comment saying prompts below and
we will go from there. But hope you
enjoyed this one. And if you want to see
the next video over here, check out the
YouTube channel. But it's going to be on
the 12 marketing sub agents that you
really need.